Oh, my God, look at that. Huh-oh, how many carats is that?
I know. . Dude, I don't know. It's- Probably. It's huge. I don't even know how to like wear it. My hand is like going down like really low. I can't believe it.
Like eighteen?
Oh, Jesus.
Is it-
I- Yeah, it's-
So how did he do it?
Oh, man. So I was--okay, so we went to go see this show on Broadway, right? And it was The wed- the wed- The Lousy Chaperone. Have you seen that one?
yeah
Yeah, The Lousy Chaperone. Uh huh.
Right. Right. Right. So, and there's like a whole like wedding scene in it. All right, not the--Drowsy, Drowsy --not the Lousy. Um - So Drowsy. So I go to see this Drowsy Chaperone. And uh-
Uh- Drowsy.
at the end of the performance, you know, like we're all clapping and stuff. And all of a sudden I look over and
Joe's gone. -where did he go, you know?
Uh huh. Oh-
And I'm like oh, he went to the- -the bathroom, but he didn't tell me, I didn't even notice him leaving. And all of a sudden, I swear to God, I'm sitting there and-
he comes up onstage-- And the entire cast everyone just like
oh-
goes up there and everyone's clapping and he's standing there and they put a spotlight on him.
Oh, my God.
And I'm like freaking out. I'm like what the hell's going on, you know. I don't know what's going on. And so he's like standing there and then all of a sudden they give him a microphone-
and he just starts doing like this little spiel about me and like
he asked me to marry him, like- onstage. I was like, I couldn't believe--and I had to walk up there and I was, like I think I tripped or something.
Are you kidding me?
Wha- What'd you say? You said yes, right? 
Yeah, I said yes, but I, yeah, I mean,
I don't know- it just like took me, took me by surprise.
He scored points.
Did you get a standing ovation?
Oh, yeah. Everyone--yeah. And people--friends of ours were in the audience, I didn't know about, like family members.
Yeah. It was great.
Are you serious?
It was--I cried,
No, you deserve to cry. I mean, tears of happiness.
like a loser, I cried.
But, I don't know, I--it's so weird to think I'm marrying somebody 'cause I feel so young, you know?
So where- where- where is this--have you talked about where it's going to be?
No. No plans. or any- and probably
like I think I want to get married--I want to have two weddings. One here, then one in Europe.
Hawaii? No.
No. Hawaii's for honeymoons. But uh--
Oh. Like Paris? On the Eiffel Tower?
Oh, maybe. I don't know. I've been there so many times. I think it's--we're going to get married in Spain and then we're going to get married here.
He's rich enough. Maybe you can rent out the Eiffel Tower for your--
Oh, Jesus.
That's awesome. Marriage.
Yeah. I'm so excited. 