I don't know, Brian, if they uh--it's been three years.
Hey, you just got to keep on going.
No, I don't know, I--maybe this isn't for me. You know, maybe this isn't the right business for me.
No, don't think like that.
I just, I see all these other people getting commercials and work and it's like I'm not getting anything.
I have no money behind me. Nothing. I'm twenty five and--
Russel Crowe wasn't forty until he got his big stuff.
 We're in--
If you really want to do it-I mean,
So I'll have to wait twenty five years-
you got to do.
just going and auditioning and auditioning and rejection after refection, it's like--
You could. You could. We just--
we're just pooling our funds together.
I know, I just don't know if I can handle it. I mean, you're helping me so much financially it's like I can't survive on my own without you. I don't like that.
You don't owe me anything.
I feel like I'm not doing anything. Like I'm not giving anything into this world.
You are, you're going to class, you're learning, you're getting better. When you finally get that role you're going to be prepared.
Yeah, but what if I never make it? What if I studied all my life, this theatre, this acting, and I'm never going to get anywhere. I'm never going to be able to have a job.
Oh my God, Anna, you're still young. Don't even think about that.
Time is passing by. Every year it's
a part left than I can do.
You're only twenty five, okay? Some people don't start until they're thirty five.
Really?
Yeah.
I don't know, I just [BREATHING] I get frustrated
What would you do- What would you do if you didn't? You can go to law school.
That's the thing. I don't know. I don't know anything.
Law school? Maybe.
I don't know. I don't know anything other than this, though, is the problem. This is my life. This is what I built everything about, you know.
See? So you can't just quit now.
I mean, I could go to law school, but I'm just not passionate about it, you know? Like I'm not--it doesn't drive me, it doesn't motivate me. I--
Have you been going to auditions and stuff?
Yeah. I mean, I get a call-back and stuff, but-
I just, I need a break. I need something to break me out.
How's the job? Still waiting tables at Denny's?
Yeah. Unfortunately.
Yeah, so I go to--get an education for four years and I'm waiting tables at Denny's.
Well, they tip well.
Brian-
it's not funny. I just don't know what I'm going to do.
Maybe you could start teaching. I don't know.
Yeah, I guess I could.
Go back to school. You know? Another three more years, get your master's.
Yeah
Close to thirty. Oof, it's going to be tough.
Thanks.