What's wrong Melissa?
A good friend of mine passed away the other day.
Oh no, I'm so sorry. What happened?
Oh they had some pretty progressive cancer,
metastasized and it was old and they knew that it wasn't looking good, but-
That's the worst.  I'm so sorry.  Did you know him well?
Yeah.  We were.  Pretty close.
I am so sorry,  It's-
It's the worst when they go like that.  Was he young?
Kind of.
It's hard to watch when it's painful for them, you know.
Absolutely, absolutely.
It's the think
I just, I don't know.
There's no reason for it.
I know.
And he could of...  He was pretty awesome
Yeah?  What'd he do?  What did they do?  How'd you know him?
Uh,  We grew up together.
yeah.
Is he an actor too, or-?
Yeah, he kind of did a lot of things, but we acted together, sometimes.
I feel really bad for his family, you know.
Yes of course, of course.
It must be really, really hard to lose a child.
Was he very close to his family?
Yeah.  And they were really supportive, like through the whole process, but-
yeah.
I can't imagine what his- what his parents are going through.
Of course not.  You have no idea what it's like to lose a kid.
Yeah, I'm just going to miss him.
Of course. If there's anything I can do, you just let me know.  Okay?
Thank you.
Of course.
Is there a funeral planned? or-
Yeah, they're going to do some sort of memorial service or something.
Cool, Well, If you want me to go with you, I will.
Thanks.
No problem.
It's really bizarre, you know, when you know somebody really well, and then...
something happens and they die and it's like-
really hard to imagine that like you're going to continue to live, and that person's just going to have stopped.
Right, it just doesn't make any sense, it's not real.  It doesn't feel real.
yeah.
Do you know what, it's going to pass,eventually, I mean it'll never pass, it'll always be there, and you'll always remember and everything like that, but you know.  It'll get easier I guess.
yeah.
That's the best way to put it.
It's hard to say good-bye.
Absolutely.
Do you know what, if it was me that died, I'd really want you to be crying and being really upset too any way. So, I think you should definitely do this, because it's trying what it's supposed to be.
yeah yeah.