So guess what.
what
I got into college.
Shut up.  What'd you get, where'd you get accepted to? please
U.S.C..
Oh, sweet.
yeah.
So you're not going to leave me.
No.
oh, good good good good good good.
I'll stay in town.
Are you going to live on campus?  Where are you going to live?
Uh- I don't know.
Uh! stay over here.  Like travel to school. because you are so close to me
Well, I don't want to, I don't want to live with my mom.
Okay, you're right, you're right, you're right,  right.  Maybe we should get a place together.
Whoa.  What an idea.  Where would you want to live?
That'll be awesome.
I don't know.  Well.  I wouldn't mind living by the U.S.C. campus, you know, but I'm not going to go to school right now, so.
That's fine.  You don't have to go to school to live near U.S.C..
I know.
But I'd love to go all the US- all the U.S.C. parties and do all that crazy stuff with you.
Fair enough.
Whoa, this is going to be so much fun.
it is going to be so much fun. Yes.
Uh! I'm so happy that you're not going to go away.
Thank you. I know, I'm really, really, really excited.
Oh, I bet you're going to love it too.  You always wanted to go to U.S.C..
I know they have a really, really great program for what I want to do.
You're going to have so much fun.  And there's lo- tons of people, you're going to meet so many people, I'm going to meet so many people too, because we're going to be there together.
Can we for real live together?
Sure, why not.  I don't know why not, I'm not doing anything I have no plans, I could live anywhere I want.
awesome.
So should we get a place near campus? or-
That'll be great. That'll be great.
We should try to find, like, a party spot though, like you know where there's going to be a lot of parties, where there are cool people, though.  Do you know any people that might be out there?
okay.
not yet.
Yeah, me either.
I know, I know, I know, we'll figure it out.  Right?  it is going to be so much fun.
That happens. That happens at time
yeah.
It's going to be ridiculous.  It's going to be so cool.
You can't make fun of me because I'm not going to school, though, because I'm going to be working though.
I'm not going to make fun of you.
I'll have to make money and support us.
Oh, I'm going to be working too, I mean.
Well, yeah, of course, but you're going to be working on your school stuff too, and partying that takes up a lot of time, right, especially at U.S.C., I hear it's a big party college.
I- I hear the same.
Woo- I I do.
I don't know how I feel about that, but-
I know exactly how you feel about that. I think you feel really excited about it.  I know you are. I can tell. I know you.
oh yeah.
oh yeah.
You're a wild and crazy woman.
Oh, it'll be awesome, that's for sure.
Uh huh, it will be awesome.
Better than if I'd picked up and moved to Boston.
Oh, man, I'd have been so mad at you.  I'd have been so mad at you, because, what could I have done,
living near the U.S.C. campus by myself, not going to school there. just really pathetic and sad.
by yourself.
you'd be that kid
living near campus, and not going to school.
Exactly.  Mooching off of all like the college experiences, that would've been me but you have saved me from that disaster. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Oh, it's going to be so much fun.
yeah.
Well, congratulations. and to me too, because now I get to-have-
We should go apartment shop-er-hunting.
That's a good idea.
Let's go tomorrow.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow-
yeah.
Good.  We'll have to have one soon, you're going to have to go to school in a couple of months.
Woo-
Oh God, it's awesome... There's going to be tons of places.
exciting.